README.md, before:

<!-- Written by Alexander Holman 19/08/2019 -->
<!--
This file is simply a welcom page and should offer only a little information, further information should be added to 
either to the relevant markdown files included or to a wiki. It is written to be used with most internal projects, but 
as per the other documents feel free to adapt it to fit your needs, adding, modifying and removing as necessary.
-->

# {{package-name}}
<!-- A quick description... -->

<!-- All badges representing the current status of the application below should they exist -->

## What is {{package-name}}
<!-- A brief description of what the project is, why it exists. -->
{{package-description}}

<!-- if a spec is availble, reference here-->

## Getting started
<!-- A brief guid on how to get started, possibly with links to some examples. -->

For more details, see [INSTALL](/INSTALL.md).

## AI Agents (GitHub Copilot)
This template includes AI agent definitions for use with GitHub Copilot. These agents provide structured roles and instructions for different types of development tasks:

- **Architect** - Spec authoring and system design
- **Builder** - Implementation and artifact production
- **Skeptic** - Adversarial review and testing
- **Editor** - Clarity and structure improvements
- **Project Manager** - Coordination and packaging
- **Citation Officer** - Evidence auditing
- **ChatGPT** - General-purpose execution

For details on using these agents, see [agents.md](/agents.md). Agent definitions are in [.github/agents/](/.github/agents/).

## Getting involved
If for any reason you wish or need to get involved, please start by reading our [CODE OF CONDUCT](/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) 
and the [CONTRIBUTING](/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide.

## Need support
Should you need further support not covered above, please take a look at the [SUPPORT](/.github/SUPPORT.md) guide.

Further documentation might be found in the `/docs` directory or the [Wiki](https://github.com/alexanderholman/{{repo-name}}/wiki) 
should either be available.

## Legal
Unless otherwise stated, or where written permission has been given by the copyright holder, this software is for use 
by the copyright holder only. Public availability of this repository or any of it's contents does grant anyone licence 
or rights of any kind. Further information can be found in the [LICENSE](/LICENSE) document.

Commit message:

Align template with AgentFactory structure

README.md, after:

<!-- Written by Alexander Holman 19/08/2019 -->
<!--
This file is simply a welcom page and should offer only a little information, further information should be added to 
either to the relevant markdown files included or to a wiki. It is written to be used with most internal projects, but 
as per the other documents feel free to adapt it to fit your needs, adding, modifying and removing as necessary.
-->

# {{package-name}}
<!-- A quick description... -->

<!-- All badges representing the current status of the application below should they exist -->

## What is {{package-name}}
<!-- A brief description of what the project is, why it exists. -->
{{package-description}}

<!-- if a spec is availble, reference here-->

## Getting started
<!-- A brief guid on how to get started, possibly with links to some examples. -->

For more details, see [INSTALL](/INSTALL.md).

## AI Agents (AgentFactory)
This template includes AgentFactory-compatible AI agent definitions and validation tooling. These agents provide structured roles and instructions for different types of development tasks:

- **Architect** - Spec authoring and system design
- **Builder** - Implementation and artifact production
- **Tester** - Test creation and validation
- **SecurityReviewer** - Security analysis and compliance
- **Skeptic** - Adversarial review and edge cases
- **Editor** - Clarity and structure improvements
- **ProjectManager** - Coordination and packaging
- **CitationOfficer** - Evidence auditing
- **ChatGPT** - General-purpose execution
- **OpenCodeManager** - Session orchestration for OpenCode

For details, see [AGENTS.md](/AGENTS.md) and [agents.md](/agents.md). Agent definitions live under [agents/](/agents/).

## Getting involved
If for any reason you wish or need to get involved, please start by reading our [CODE OF CONDUCT](/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) 
and the [CONTRIBUTING](/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide.

## Need support
Should you need further support not covered above, please take a look at the [SUPPORT](/.github/SUPPORT.md) guide.

Further documentation might be found in the `/docs` directory or the [Wiki](https://github.com/alexanderholman/{{repo-name}}/wiki) 
should either be available.

## Legal
Unless otherwise stated, or where written permission has been given by the copyright holder, this software is for use 
by the copyright holder only. Public availability of this repository or any of it's contents does grant anyone licence 
or rights of any kind. Further information can be found in the [LICENSE](/LICENSE) document.
